feat(ui): Display a weapon's velocity and prospecting efficiency in the outfitter (#11568)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/_ui/tooltips.txt

tip "range:"
	`Total range of this weapon.`

tip "velocity:"

> 	`The initial velocity of projectiles fired by this weapon. Some projectiles may accelerate or decelerate from this initial value as they travel.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	`The initial velocity of projectiles fired by this weapon. Some weapons have projectiles that accelerate or decelerate from this initial value as they travel.`
```

tip "tractor beam:"
	`The base velocity that this weapon pulls flotsam toward itself. Heavier flotsam is more difficult to pull.`

tip "mining efficiency:"

> 	`A measure of how well this weapon prevents damage to valuable materials while mining. Weapons with a higher efficiency will thus result in higher yields. Some minable objects are tougher than others, and are therefore less susceptible to having their yields increased.`

Reviewer: The `"mining efficiency"` attribute is unitless, so we might want be more explicit in the tooltip that any value above zero is already better than mining with weapons without this attribute. (I would normally not assume that an efficiency of 0.52 as shown in the screenshot is good.)

```suggestion
	`A measure of how far above average this weapon prevents damage to valuable materials while mining. Weapons with a higher efficiency will thus result in higher yields. Some minable objects are tougher than others, and are therefore less susceptible to having their yields increased.`
```

Author: How about this instead, since one might not know what is mean by "average."
```suggestion
	`A measure of how well this weapon prevents damage to valuable materials while mining. The further above zero this value is, the higher the yield will be compared to normal weapons. Some minable objects are tougher than others, and are therefore less susceptible to having their yields increased.`
```

Reviewer 2: Would it be clearer then to make the base displayed value for prospecting be 1, so that it is more apparent in the stat itself that it is adding to the drop rate? If it is only in the description of the stat a person might not view it and the problem of it being unclear whether it is improving yields or diminishing them would persist.

Author: I feel like if someone doesn't read the tooltip that explains an attribute and then doesn't understand it, that's mostly on them.

And in any case, the first weapon with this attribute that the player will encounter is the mining laser, and just from the context of the name alone and without even reading the weapon's description or this new tooltip, wouldn't the expectation of this attribute existing on the mining laser but not on any other weapon imply that it's measuring an improvement?

I'll note that it's possible for a weapon to have a negative prospecting value. That would result in a negative mining efficiency displayed in the outfitter. If mining efficiency had 1 added to it, then a negative value would still be obviously detrimental, but the 0 to 1 range would become ambiguous. 

If we're to do anything to how mining efficiency is displayed, I'd at most throw a 10x multiplier on it. That would mean that the mining laser would display 5.2.
